`prefer-string-starts-ends-with`: add suggestions for safely handling non-strings (#1277)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-string-starts-ends-with.md

> This rule is fixable.
> 
> Note: the autofixed code will throw an exception when the value being tested is not a string. Several safer but more verbose automatic suggestions are provided for this situation.

Reviewer: How about a simple one

```suggestion
This rule is fixable, unless the matching object is known not a string.
```

> Note: the autofix will throw an exception when the string being tested is `null` or `undefined`. Several safer but more verbose automatic suggestions are provided for this situation.

Reviewer: It not only about `null` and `undefined`, could be anything that's not a string

```js
/^1/.test(1);
```

```js
/^t/.test(true);
```

```js
/^1/.test(10n);
```

```js
/^1,2/.test([1,2,3,])
```

```js
/^\[object/.test({})
```

```js
/^a/.test(async () => {})
```

Author: Updated messaging.
